
I have stand the dawn of Setember 27 doing this transcription of youtube it makes a lot of sense, make me fell Im on the right way. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E44kFkyl_Y8 

We're spiritual creatures,
we have an intellect,
and we live in physical bodies,
But, because we lack awareness of understanding of who we are, we are totally locked in a physical world and we let things outside of us control us! 95% of the population are reacting to life, they're not really living at all.
One of the barriers to success is living in a reacting life.
"A person's successful if they know where they are and they know where they're going and they're progressively moving in that direction. The success is the progressive realization of a worthy ideal"
Anyone that has a goal and they're moving towards it, they're successful.
One of the barriers to success is our conditioning, the condition of taking place in our subconscious mind from the time we're infants. All we can do is act and talk like the people around us. that's why we learn the language we learn. if there was 10 languages spoken in our home, we'd learn 10 languages without any trouble.
There's usually one and that's the only one we ever learn, and we grow older and we think, oh I couldn't learn another language. We could learn 100 if we wanted to. You can do anything. But, I think we're conditioned, we have a real strong conditioning, usually with no some very good ideas. And, then that's the barrier that's inside us.
A big part of me I'll never see It's non physical, what you see here in the physical body is nothing but the physical manifestation of the higher side of my personality. And, what we have to study, I think, is how does this non-physical part of my mind work? What happens when I think? Thoughts are everywhere. What happens when I think? Where do thoughts come from? Somebody had to think. Thoughts are everywhere. And we put Thoughts in our mind and we build pictures or images in our mind.
What we want to understand is that's a non-physical side of ourself that's doing that. If I can build an image of something in my mind, I'm quite capable of building a physical replica of it in my world. So, if I build an image of me as a happy, relaxed person, I can live like that. If I build an image of myself as being prosperous I can become prosperous.
We're already rich, just short of money.
The first thing you do is sit down and decide what you want. If it's money you want, how much money?
So, you've gotta be specific.
You write down on a card exactly what you want.
And, you carry that card around and read it often.
And, then you start to think.
Now you're gonna have thoughts come to your mind of why you can't get it. You have the ability in your conscious mind to reject that idea, kick it out of your mind.
Thinking of why you can't do something is never gonna do you any good.
And, keep thinking until you start to think of thoughts of how you can do it.
And, the way will be shown to you. In comes in the form of images in our mind.
Think of how you can and not why you can't. You should get a good book and star to study it.
Select the person who is already doing something that you'd like to do, get to know that person.
Go to the expert for advice.
Don't ask the person next door, your mother, father, brother, or the guy that works beside you.
Because they don't necessarily know.
There's no points in asking a person how to earn a lot of money if they're only earning 10k a year. They dont know
If they know they'd probably be earning a lot.
So, you find someone that you can go to for advice, get a real good book, and lock into that book, and start to study it. I got this like a bible, this is Napoleon Hill's book, Think and Grow Rich. I've been reading this thing now for 23 years. I'll probably read it for another 23 years. The other book is the power of your Subconcious Mind, the doctor Josheph Murthy, and that's probably one of the best books that you're ever gonna find because you lear about your mind when you read this book. I read a lot of books I've probably 1000 books sitting in my den at home.
The secrete is I once read in a book, where it said, when you read good book through the second time, you don't see something in it that you didn't see before. You see something in yourself that wasn't there before. You see when I read this, I crate a greater awareness. Let me just read you one line out of here, two lines.
Hill said -- The missing link in all systems of education know of civilization today may be found in the failure of
education institutions of teach students how to organize and use knowledge after they acquire it. He went on to say that, "We should understand the real meaning of the word educated" It's not going to a brick-and-mortal edifice for
25 years. Thats gathering information. You'll probably develop your memory, but I would question how well you develop your mind and, I'm not against education 'cause I encourage my children to go to school as we know it.
Now, he said, "The word education come from the word "educo" and he says, "it's derived from the Latin word educo meaning to induce, to draw out, or to develop from within. An educated person is not necessarily one who has an abundance of general or specialized knowledge.
An educated person who's one who has so developed the faculties of their mind that may acquire anything they want or its equivalent without violation the rights of others.
An educated person is the one that knows how to go and get what they want out of life. Without been selfish.
Education means to draw out from within. We're drawing on an infinite source. We've got deep reservoirs of talent and ability within us. We can lean to do anything. We have phenomenal powers. If we used our body like we used our mind, we'd probably just move our little finger. --We don't exercise our mind enough? -- No, we're not taught to.
Kids in school should be taught before the school year ever starts to sit down. They should be given a blank report card and get them to visualize the marks they want to get and write your own report card. This is before school starts, first week in school. And, then the teacher should say, "No I want just to concentrate on how to get that mark and I dont want you to think of why you can't. Well that's where all greatness comes from.
Greatness comes from fantasy.
I would imagine that when Edison first saw the light bulb he was fantasizing. But, he kept fantasizing and he built it into a theory and then he built into an image and then he built it into a fact. I mean, when I was kid, it was a fantasy to think of going to the moon.
 Attitude, attitude, it takes in the way you think, and the way you feel, and the way you act.
I'd have a difficult time really explaining attitude right just in a conversation. I use a board in the seminar. And, well I did an attitude seminar last night, We spent three hours dealing with that one subject, you know, so to do it here in three minutes, I haven't, I can do it, I haven't learned how yet, lets put in the way. You have to have a winning attitude, though.
Okay, in human relation we talk about the toughest thing. Okay, in human relations we talk about the toughest thing
with managing people, the toughest thing to deal with is their attitude. That's the one thing where management falls down. Nobody can change another person's attitude and the only attitude we can change is our own. But, you see, if management have the idea it's their attitude and we can't do anything about it, then they're gonna do anything about it. But, if management arrive at the conclusion, yes it is attitude and let's teach the people something about attitude. Let's teach them something about themself. Let's make them realize that the're worth something, that they're valuable, they're the greatest resource we've got. Companies spend about 65% of every dollar that comes in goes back out on employees, and wages, and benefits. And, yet management knows less about employees the anything else. They know more about the gidgets and widgets than they do about the people. --So you suggesting we develop a winner attitude? Absolutely! Cand you define me what is a winning attitude? Well, if we could understand, let me digress for a second. The whole universe operates by laws and there's a law of opposites.
It's called the law of polarity. Everything has its opposite. There's a right and a left side. There's a front and a back, an up and a down, a hot and a cold, positive and a negative, the yin, the yang, you know. Well, you can think negative or you can think positive, but you can't think both at the same time. You're only gonna think one way at one time. And, we have to train our mind to think or look for the positive or the good in things. There's good in everything. There's no such thing as no good. --Car broken? There a something good about it, now, you may have to look to find out what it is. But, there's something good in everything. There has to be a positive and a negative for anything to exist. There's a law of gender that decrees that science understand it, it's taught in science.
Well, once we understand there's this law of opposites, there's negative thoughts or positive thoughts. As the thought energy flows into our mind, we decide what we're gonna think. Person's out of work, they can decide to think I can't find a job, but they can decide to think I can. If they're thinking I'm going to find one, then they'll start attracting a train of thought to them figuring out how to find it. You really have to understand how you conscious and your subconscious mind works in relation to your body or your physical world to understand attitude. Attitude should be taught as a subject in school ahead of reading, writing, arithmetic, or anything else.
Becouse it's a person's attitude that's gonna determine the marks they get. Okey, maybe part of the attitude of related to attitude is the business of self-image which you talked about. Yeah, well that would, like we were talking about success principles and I was saying you gotta get the winning attitude, you,ve gotta set a goal. Then you have to work in self-image. Now, when we think we build images in our mind, Dr. Maxwell Maltz discovered the self-image concept as we know it today in 1960 he was a plastic surgeon. And, he realized, he was operating on people, he may removed a, you know, a nasty scar from their face and he'd notice sometimes when he removed the scar, and he'd notice sometimes when he removed the scar, maybe did a nose job on them or something, that a great psychological change took place in the person. Where they may have been introverted, they started to become very gregarious and outgoing. And, he postulated that there must be two images that we have. An exterior image and we also have an inner self-image. And, he started to study this and he wrote a magnificent book on it called Psycho-Cybernetics, In Psycho-Cybernetics, psycho bein the mind, cybernetics bein the science of control and communication. And, he goes into this and he explains how every one of us has an image in our mind of ourself and it's called a self-image.
Too may people don't know much about themself and so they don't have a very good image of themselves. And, you'll often notice that people will shy away from you, they won't look you in the eve, they'll look down, they'll look up. They'll never try to do anything of any great consequence because they don't think they can. They have a poor self-image. --Okay, part of that is because through school we're told about what we don't do well. We had low grades.
Or you only got 60% of whatever. Yeah, yeah.
I think there's been a great disservice done with the IQ test in that respect when you're bringing out school. Binet, the Frenchman back around the turn of the century. Invented the IQ test and then we brought it over from Stanford over here and we'll test a person's intellect and then we'll brand them good, bad, smart, not and that's not true. We can change IQ's by changing self-images.
But, yes if we're told we're not very good. "You're just like your dad", you know. You're a bum, you're never gonna do well. "You didn't go to school, you can't win." Well that's all false. We can do anything. And we should be encouraging a child. Give 'em a pat on the back rather than a kick.
We all have a self image. We all can improve all self image. I don't care how good your image is, you can improve it. --How can improve it something specific? how can we go about making our self-image more positive? Now again you  go in to a whole day seminar, if I could give you just a simple tip on it. If a person would sit down and let their body relax, and then start to visualize in their mind see themselves the way they want to see themselves.
--Which may take a good deal of thought since we're not sure at first. Well you relax, yeah. Relate in to something specific. --Somebody we admire maybe? Possibly. Somewhere we'd like to see ourself down the road?  Yeah, see how you'd like to live your life. See yourself living in that way. Now understand that that's a picture in your mind.
When you pick up a book, the book is nothing but a picture that an author has painted in words. Van Gogh, the great
artist, was asked one time how he did such beautiful work. He said, "I dream my painting and then I paint my dream." To get the picture in the mind and then paint it on the wall or on the canvas. Well, if we would relax and build the image in our mind of how we'd like to see ourself, how we'd like to see ourself acting in life, relating to other people, our social life. See yourself in the position we hold or how we make our sales presentations if we happen to be in selling or something and then take that picture and describe it write it out in the present tense.
"Im so happy now that I see myself" and write it out. Now a lot of people will laugh at this and say, "That doesn't make any sense." It makes a lot of sense. They can't tell you why it doesn't, I could spend hours telling you why it does, and I could explain it in such detail that everyone would understand it. But write  out a description of how you'd like to see yourself. Start to read it and read it and read it and read every day, carry it out and keep reading it. The one point that all the great teachers all down through history have all agreed on, they've been in complete unanimous agreement on it, we become what we think about. Now it may be fantasy at first, it might even appear to us as being a lie, but if you read it often enough you'll start to believe it. And, when William James said "Believe and your belief will create the fact", you will see the person's personality change. I watch people in the seminars personality change right in front of my eyes. And, all they're doing is starting to see themselves differently. They're starting to think different thoughts. So our thoughts controls our actions. Oh there's no question about, our thoughts control our feelings, or feelings controls or actions. We can control our thoughts!
We read the newspaper "doom and gloom doesn't have to be coming." You know there's always been a depression for some people. I brew up with the idea that every body went broke in 30's They didn't, some made millions.
I thought everybody went out of business. They didn't, some people went into business. There's always a depression for some people and there's always good times for others. Let's ask ourself when we read something in the paper, do I wanna get emotionally involved in that idea? If it's a negative idea, I don't wanna get emotionally involved with it. I don't read the paper that often. I do, but I don't dwell on it. When an Idea comes in your mind, whether somebody tells you or whether you read it in the paper, we should reason with it, ask ourself, will that idea help me get to where I want to go ? If it won't, reject the idea.
“When you’re in the right environment, with the right people, your life can change in an instant.”

This is that environment. This is that moment.
Seats are limited.
If something in you says “this could be it”… trust it.

